add new inline sql generation section (#6642)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/about-cloud/about-dbt-cloud.md

<Card
    title="dbt Cloud IDE"

>     body="The IDE is the easiest and most efficient way to develop dbt models, allowing you to build, test, run, and version control your dbt projects directly from your browser. Use dbt Copilot, a powerful AI engine that automatically generates inline SQL, documentation, tests, and semantic models."

Author: ```suggestion
    body="The IDE is the easiest and most efficient way to develop dbt models, allowing you to build, test, run, and version control your dbt projects directly from your browser. Use dbt Copilot, a powerful AI engine that automatically generates code, documentation, tests, and semantic models."
```
